docs: Add further `resources` syntax explanations (#2727)
tauri-apps/tauri-docs: src/content/docs/develop/resources.mdx

      "resources/**/*": "resources/"
    }
  }
}
```

:::note

In Tauri's [permission system](../reference/acl/), absolute paths and paths containing parent components (`../`) can only be allowed via `"$RESOURCE/**"`. Relative paths like `"path/to/file.txt"` can be allowed explicitly via `"$RESOURCE/path/to/file.txt"`.

:::

## Source path syntax

In the following explanations "target resource directory" is either the value after the colon in the object notation, or a reconstruction of the original file paths in the array notation.

- `"dir/file.txt"`: Will copy the `file.txt` file into the target resource directory.
- `"dir/*"`: Will copy all files in the `dir` directory _non-recursively_ (sub-directories will be ignored) into the target resource directory.
- `"dir/**`: Will throw an error because `**` only matches directories and therefore no files can be found.
- `"dir/**/*"`: Will copy all files in the `dir` directory _recursively_ (all files in `dir/` and all files in all sub-directories) into the target resource directory.
- `"dir/**/**`: Will throw an error because `**` only matches directories and therefore no files can be found.

> - `"dir/"`: Will copy all files **and directories** _recursively_ into the target resource directory. Use this if you also want to preserve the file system structure of your files and directories.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `"dir/file.txt"`: copies the `file.txt` file into the target resource directory.
- `"dir/*"`: copies all files in the `dir` directory _non-recursively_ (sub-directories will be ignored) into the target resource directory.
- `"dir/**`: throws an error because `**` only matches directories and therefore no files can be found.
- `"dir/**/*"`: copies all files in the `dir` directory _recursively_ (all files in `dir/` and all files in all sub-directories) into the target resource directory.
- `"dir/**/**`: throws an error because `**` only matches directories and therefore no files can be found.
- `"dir/"`: copies all files **and directories** _recursively_ into the target resource directory. Use this if you also want to preserve the file system structure of your files and directories.
```

Author: ngl i had this first but it looked ugly in vscode x) will see how it looks in the website preview (can't build locally)

> - `"dir/"`: Will copy all files **and directories** _recursively_ into the target resource directory. Use this if you also want to preserve the file system structure of your files and directories.

Reviewer: I think the `dir/` case should be explained right after the first one

Author: yeah, path syntax wise that'd make more sense. Just felt like this order because of its effect being the "highest" basically. I'll re-order it.

    "resources": {
      "/absolute/path/to/textfile.txt": "resources/textfile.txt",
      "relative/path/to/jsonfile.json": "resources/jsonfile.json",
      "resources/*": "resources/",
      "resources/**/*": "resources/"
    }
  }
}
```

The syntax for resource source paths works like this:

- `"dir/file.txt"`: Will copy the `file.txt` file into the target resource directory.
- `"dir/*"` / `dir/**`: Will copy all files in the `dir` directory _non-recursively_ (sub-directories will be ignored) into the target resource directory.

> - `"dir/**/*"`: Will copy all files in the `dir` directory _recursively_ (all files in all sub-directories) into the target resource directory. Note, this does **not** include the files from `dir/*`, but only those in sub-directories.

Reviewer: Not sure what you mean by does not include files from `dir/*`

Author: This is what was confusing me so much in #2708 - this comment was based on 2 things - 1) you saying we're following bash's behavior and 2) the build script fucking with my head.

Since globstar is not enabled by default in bash `*` and `**` behave the same which i didn't notice because i didn't check the config, and didn't look at the output of `**/*` closely enough to notice it missing files 3 levels down.

I'll go through all of it again.

Reviewer: It is not that we are following bash's behavior and more like `glob` crate is similar to bash globbing but it is actually more similar to libc's `glob` function

- `"dir/"`: Will copy all files **and directories** _recursively_ into the target resource directory. Use this if you also want to preserve the file system structure of your files and directories.

> The `target resource directory` is either the right value of the object notation, or a reconstruction of the source path in the array notation.

Reviewer: This was a bit confusing at first and I had to read it multiple times to know what it meant, maybe using `"` instead of a backtick is better here. A better solution would be to add intralinks where "target resource directory" is mentioned.

I also think this section should have its own header
